When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

It would be useful to use a remote repository when you are working with others and want to share your work. It would also be useful if you are working on different machines and want to keep using the same files.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Because sometimes you might want to be working on a prototype that may be very different to that of Git. Especially if you are using free GitHub account without private file storage.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are used on GitHub to create a copy of the existing respository without needing permission to edit the original, and also gives the original author credit for editing the files. Git clone creates an identical copy of the repository, and can be used to pull the forked repository down from the original. Finally branch can be used to create an alternate version of the original such that you're edits don't affect the master branch - useful for keeping a master branch bug-free whilst working on some lairy prototype.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It would be a great advantage to have the last copy of the known state of a remote locally before going offline for a period. It would be highly advantagous to use this copy to work on whilst in offline mode without impacting any other files, and also when coming back online, it would be useful to sync up without affecting any of the locally edited files.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I think for a single user project worked on in real time, I may think it could be easier collaborating using messenger or email. But for projects where multiple people are involved, working on different features, I feel GitHub could really help with creation and editing! Pretty cool actually :)

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

You would have a benefit of making changes in your own branch to allow you to work on prototypes etc. Working directly in master runs the risk of breaking it whent trialing things. Also if you're working remotely you may want to create an additional branch in order to more easily incorporate any changes that may have been made by peers when working offline etc.